Expand on testing requirements (#96)
madetech/learn: core-skills/web-application-development-with-react/README.md

  - Candidate should showcase their component to assessor.
  - Candidate should walk assessor through tests which give maintainers confidence
    that the component displays data from an API.

>   - Testing this component should include unit tests that demonstrate the boundary between the view logic and domain logic,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Testing this component should include unit tests that demonstrate up to the boundary between the view logic and domain logic,
```

>     and acceptance (end to end) testing that demonstrates data retrieved is shown in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and acceptance (end to end) testing that demonstrates that all components (which are unit tested independently) interact with each other correctly.
```

I'm not sure we should require it to be UI (I can't think of a better way), but if there is then :+1:

Author: An end to end automated test is what was _asked_ of me, prompting this update. I don't think that your way is specific enough actually, and a test that shows component interaction but doesn't test UI rendering is moot IMO

Reviewer: I'm concerned that we ask someone to do UI testing, but haven't taught someone WHY we're asking this.

    the form data.
  - Candidate should walk assessor through tests which give maintainers confidence 
    that the component submits the data from the form to the API.

>   - Testing this component should include unit tests that demonstrate the boundary between the view logic and domain logic,

Reviewer: dupe?

Author: Two components, two tests, repeated the requirement to make it clear it was needed in both cases.

Reviewer: hmm ok :thinking:

>     and acceptance (end to end) testing that demonstrates data retrieved is shown in the UI.

Reviewer: Mismatch in implementation _oh no!_ duplicate text DUPLICATE TEXT!
